feat(platform/bitbucket): use development branching model as default branch (#20803)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Configuring this to `true` means that Renovate will detect and apply the default reviewers rules to PRs (Bitbucket only).

## bbUseDevelopmentBranch

> By default, Renovate will use the repositories `main branch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate will use a repository's default branch (typically called `main` or `master`).
```

This is same terminology used by Atlassian here:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6311784/223725741-3ff09777-efca-482b-a539-d6a73bf170f7.png)

Author: Yeah, i noticed late last night that their documentation language uses `default branch` but that isn't consistent with what their product uses.  

Attached are some screenshots showing what they use across their Advanced configuration, branching model and branches screens

**Advanced configuration for repository**
![Screenshot 2023-03-08 at 8 57 51 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/386277/223732559-298ef26c-fbd9-4679-8b71-d5ff17feff7d.png)

**main-based development branches**
![Screenshot 2023-03-08 at 8 58 13 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/386277/223732615-8db5f677-9e1c-4542-84f1-c84afdb097a4.png)

**git-flow based development branches**
![Screenshot 2023-03-08 at 8 58 26 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/386277/223732686-4ae21fa6-5837-424a-8824-3857640e1eae.png)

**branching model configuration**
![Screenshot 2023-03-08 at 9 00 47 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/386277/223732717-6f8d3fdb-adf6-4e64-89b2-009edc68c01f.png)

Author: Happy to update the docs to the proposed wording if you still think that makes most sense

Reviewer: Hard to tell what to do if they are inconsistent themselves. Seems like main is used more

> Configuring this to `true` means that Renovate will detect and use the Bitbucket [development branch](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/branch-a-repository/#The-branching-model) as defined by the repositories branching model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring this to `true` means that Renovate will detect and use the Bitbucket [development branch](https://support.atlassian.com/bitbucket-cloud/docs/branch-a-repository/#The-branching-model) as defined by the repository's branching model.
```

> If the `development branch` is configured but the branch itself does not exist (ie: it was deleted), Renovate will fall back to using the repositories `main branch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the "development branch" is configured but the branch itself does not exist (e.g. it was deleted), Renovate will fall back to using the repository's default branch.
```
